hey what's up guys explanation pro is
here today i'll explain a thriller movie
titled down spoiler ahead watch out and
take care two persons who work at the
same building got stuck in the elevator
one day no one is supposed to come there
and save them for the next three to five
days we will see a twist in the movie
when we come to know why they got stuck
and the main reason behind this the
movie down is a thriller movie which
came out in the year 2001 this movie has
many twists and turns which is very
exciting
at the beginning of the movie we see our
main character jennifer working in her
office she's working late today and
there is no one in the office with her
some days ago she and her fiance broke
up over a fight and she decided to
surprise him during the weekends she
wrote an email but couldn't send it to
him as it was a surprise in the next
scene we see matt the other main
character getting ready to leave the
office he gets into the same elevator
but on a different floor matt tries to
make jennifer feel comfortable by
cracking jokes and making her laugh
there is a drawing made on the lift as
matt attempts to show jennifer the
drawing the elevator suddenly gets stuck
in the middle even though there is
electricity not a single button is
working they try to ring the alarm but
nothing is working when jennifer notices
the camera the two waves at it but no
one is there to help them there is no
signal as well so that they can call
anyone and ask for help they are trapped
here for five days friday saturday
sunday and the two days off matt then
informs jennifer that he has just
recently joined the office some days ago
and that he doesn't know much about this
lift jennifer tells matt that this lift
sometimes makes unusual sounds she
thinks that this is the reason why it
got stuck matt brings an idea that they
can go out from the exit of the lift
usually every elevator has an exit at
the top he tries to jump and open it but
couldn't reach it so he takes jennifer
on his shoulder and she tries to open
the exit but couldn't after an hour
jennifer realizes that she has missed
her flight she becomes mad and starts
blaming and abusing everything she
became thirsty so matt gives her his
bottle she refuses to drink from his
bottle so matt tells jennifer that they
only have a bottle of water and a bottle
of wine asking her to decide what she
wants matt jokingly adds that she has a
wine opener as well hearing this
jennifer also shows him an opener that
she carries in her purse both start
laughing at this she drinks the water
and then she offers mad chocolate as
well she then tells him they have to
think before using anything as they
could be stuck here for five days with
limited resources eventually four more
hours have passed and now she has to pee
but she feels shy being in the elevator
in front of matt he then gives jennifer
a bottle telling her not to feel awkward
about it because it's natural she then
asks him to turn around as she pees in
the bottle she has accepted the reality
now that they are stuck and can't do
anything about it afterwards jennifer
completed the drawing made on the wall
of the elevator she then asked matt if
he has any girlfriend who will call the
police if she doesn't go home matt says
there is no one jennifer then tells matt
about her fiance that she is planning to
surprise him but because they are stuck
here inside the elevator and her arrival
is supposed to be a surprise her fiance
will never know she's stuck here both of
them realize that they are the same that
both of them have no one that will come
looking for them
matt then opens the wine bottle to pass
the time they start making drawings of
each other
matt draws a beautiful picture of
jennifer
but she draws a funny picture of him
seeing this she feels bad and tells him
that she will keep this drawing as her
profile picture
while talking they start discussing food
both of them became hungry so jennifer
says that they should change the subject
they then discuss different stories at
one point they begin to discuss crazy
stories about their partner and
themselves jennifer says that there was
one this time when her boyfriend and she
hooked up in a library matt is feeling
shy and then he says that one time he
and his co-worker went on a drive and
they got intimate
while talking about this he starts to
grow feelings for jennifer she seems to
be okay with this
afterwards they get intimate
matt then tells her that he could fall
in love with her jennifer feels very
weird about this and tells him that they
should forget about what happened she
loves her fiance and wants to go back to
her matt gets hurt after hearing what
she said telling her that he thought
that they have a connection between them
he further asks her if she doesn't feel
anything for him
she tells him that there is nothing
between them and she has been with her
fiance for years so they have a
different level of understanding between
them
after hearing this from jennifer matt
feels like they are far away from each
other even though they are stuck here
together as tears roll down matt's
cheeks jennifer adds that they don't
even know each other that well suddenly
matt's behavior gets changed he then
shows her the cctv footage on his phone
telling her that he always used to watch
her whenever she comes and goes here we
learn that matt is a security guard in
this building he lied about his job as
he told jennifer earlier that he's an
accountant in this building
he then confesses that he has done all
this he has planned everything he wanted
to know and talk to jennifer he also
wanted her to know him then he takes out
the keys from his pocket and starts to
lift jennifer becomes mad and yells at
him she threatens him that she will call
the police and he has to pay for this
hearing this matt again turns off the
lift and pulls out the key seeing this
jennifer gets scared and tries to start
the lift again but matt grabs her while
this is happening the key breaks truly
trapping them inside out of anger she
starts beating him with her shoe making
him unconscious she then comes close to
him to check but matt suddenly pulls her
hair and bangs her head on the floor
making her unconscious as well
after both of them returned to their
senses matt tells her that the plan was
really good
they could have known each other better
matt knows that it seems like they have
completed their relationship they met
here they came to know each other and
now they have broken up jennifer gets
angry after hearing all this just then
matt sees the gift that jennifer brought
with her to give to her fiance he opens
the package and finds a shirt in it he
wears it he also has a gift and gives it
to her the box contains two cigars a
lighter and a cutter in it he starts
behaving like a maniac and breaks a
light inside the lift he then thinks of
a way to get out of there he starts
throwing his bottle at the ceiling door
eventually opening it he asks her to
support him so that he can go up and
open the door but she doesn't believe
him and tells him that she will go
instead she reasons out that she can
easily climb up to open the elevator
because she weighs less than him matt
starts doubting her but she convinces
him by saying that she won't betray him
she also tells him that they know each
other now and have spent so much time
together so why should she betray him
he helps her to climb up and as soon as
she goes up she betrays him
this disturbs matt a lot he then ties
all his clothes one after another and
make a rope and using this he climbs up
somehow jennifer is already halfway and
he's about to open the door of the
elevator when matt comes from behind and
pulls it down both of them fall down
again at the same lift they are now both
injured after jennifer wakes up she
realizes that matt is still unconscious
she notices the fire alarm and catches
fire with the help of the lighter that
he gave her after a while matt gets his
senses back and tells her that no one
will come to save them jennifer hits him
again and ties him she then tells him
that he has to confess everything they
will get out soon and she doesn't want
to go to the court and take any blame
so matt has to confess
she also threatens him that she will
hurt him a lot if he doesn't confess so
he confesses everything and records it
jennifer asks him finally why he did all
this matt replies that he likes her a
lot for a long time he always used to
watch her and she's very beautiful as
he's a security guard he couldn't
approach her he also tells her this
story he was not a security guard before
he used to work as an accountant and had
a lot of money the story he told her
earlier about his co-worker was not a
lie while they were hooking up his
co-worker had an accident and she died
he was charged due to this and was
arrested he spent a lot of money and in
six months he got out but after coming
out he was not getting any jobs and
eventually his financial condition was
also deteriorating
so he was bound to do this job of a
security guard he father tells her that
he wants to get his old life back and
that's why he did all this in the next
scene we see a man who works with matt
he's also a security guard he arrives at
the building with his girlfriend he
wants to show his girlfriend the terrace
of the building
he was not supposed to come today as he
was on leave and eventually he came then
he notices that matt is not there so he
checks the footage and finds out matt
and jennifer are stuck inside the lift
he comes to them as fast as he can and
tries to open the lift the gate opened a
little bit just then he rushed to grab
his keys in the meantime matt strikes
jennifer and makes her unconscious the
man comes back and gives his keys to
matt matt then asks him to climb up as
he needs help as soon as he gets inside
a little bit matt stops the lift and
kills him then he comes out of the
building with jennifer and puts her in
the trunk of his car
then goes to his locker takes a bath and
wears his uniform he comes to the lobby
and there he finds his friend's
girlfriend she comes to him and asks him
about her boyfriend in response he says
that he has already left she feels kind
of suspicious and is about to leave just
then matt attacks her from behind and
kills her as well
then he takes jennifer to an empty road
he then comes out of the car and brings
out jar of patrol he is planning to kill
her as soon as he opens the car's trunk
he finds it to be alive she wastes no
time and attacks him she gets in the car
and drives forward as fast as he can
when she looks back she realizes that
matt is still alive so she reverses the
car and hits him with it and kills him
in the process
then she dumps his body in the dustbin
and lights a fire
and the movie ends here thank you so
much for watching guys if you enjoyed
this video please hit the like button
and also subscribe my channel for more
videos like this see you in the next
video bye for now